m
I was always dreaming and thinking about
going to Palestine with my
bike I just eventually decided to do it
to gather funds for our fith Hospital in
razza because the health structure inza
is getting destroyed
[Music]
I not an illusion that I can change the
massacr in razza or stop them but at the
same time I'm not sitting without doing
anything I just try to do what I can do
when the war started it was the most
surreal day for me that I ever
experienced the house 20 M from us got
bombed after the cloud settled after we
were able to see the sun again because
when you are in mid of the bombardments
you don't see anything we went
immediately to the neighboring house and
started to dig for people
when we carried her out a child was
carried in front of me his feet were on
my body too and I see okay that's the
woman is alive the child is not alive it
make me feel like I lost all hope in
humanity honestly
this is Gaza is
[Music]
Gaza when I left Gazza I was relieved
for my mother only but myself I had the
feeling that I wanted to stay because I
W was not comfortable seeing my my
family and my relatives in the situation
they were were in the only thing we can
do outside of to
[Music]
arus the main main highlight of my
journey right now was visiting the
families that suffered the genocide in
St in Bosnia I felt like I'm with my
aunt I felt like I with my mother you
see that the people are sympathizing and
not forgetting what's happening there
I am try to get €300,000 for the field
Hospital in res money doesn't change
much but it's something we can do at
least to help the people